# COMP353
Related to all comp353 projects

Application must have:

1. personal info of pop (infected or not)
    - FN, LN, DOB, medicare, phone no, address, city, prov, postal, citizenship, email, parents-child info
    - groupzone info
        - classmates, coworkers, group activities
    - tests:
        - date of test, facility location, health worker, result, date of result
    - if negative:
        - send a message to the person to notify
    - if positive:
        - send a message to the person to notify
        - send an additional message with info about the public health recommendations (template is in instructions)
        - a reminder is sent to fill out the follow-up orm on the website, using their medicare number and the password (their DOB) ddmmyyyy
        - symptoms history is maintained for 2 weeks
        - should be done through a questionnaire form
        - if symptoms not in standard list → must be saved as well
2. info about health workers involved in the PCR tests
    - where they work, schedule of their service
3. info about health facilities where PCR tests are done
    - name, address, phone web, type, who works there, who got tested there
    - method of testing: appoint, walk-in, drive-through or all
4. diagnostics



**ALERTS:**

→ Application must support 4 levels of COVID alerts

→ alert is set by region (many cities, each city has many postal codes)

→ each address must be under an alert any time (default is GREEN)

→ every time a region changes its alert level → send a message to all people in that region

- we should have a table of the alert messages for each level → send these out by default
- new messages can be added by admin
- refer to instructions for what needs to be included in the message
- If the message is not an alert type, then the non-related fields will be set to NULL




**What is in the report:**

1. ER diagram for the entire app
    - mark kets, FDs, cardinalities for each relation
2. convert ER to relational
    - identify primary keys, foreign keys, FDs, referential constraints
    - make sure DB is at least 3NF
3. is DB in BCNF?
4. if not in BCNF, is it in 3NF?
5. show the SQL commands and show the results:

    1. Create/Delete/Edit/Display a Person.
    2. Create/Delete/Edit/Display a Public Health Worker.
    3. Create/Delete/Edit/Display a Facility.
    4. Create/Delete/Edit/Display a Region.
    5. Create/Delete/Edit/Display a Group Zone.
    6. Add/Delete/Edit a public health recommendation.
    7. Set a new alert for a specific region.
    8. Fill-Up a follow up form for a person who is tested positive for fourteen
    consecutive days following the test results. The form must include the date,
    the time, the temperature, the status of all the main symptoms and other
    symptoms as specified for the COVID-19 as well as other non-specified
    symptom(s) if exists. Every person can fill up his/her form using the
    username and password. The username is the medicare card number of the
    person and the password is the date of birth of the person of the form
    (ddmmyyyy).
    9. Provide a detail progress of all the symptoms for a given person who tested
    positive on a specific date.
    10. Display all messages generated by the system within a specific period-oftime.

    11. Give a list of all the People in a specific address. For every person, provide
    the first name, last name, DOB, medicare card number, telephone number,
    citizenship, email address, full mother’s name and full father’s name.
    12. Give a detail list of all facilities (Address, Number of health workers, accept
    walk-in clients or by appointment only, Drive thru capability, etc.).
    13. Give a detail list of all Regions (Name, list of all cities within the region,
    and a list of all the postal codes within every city).
    14. Give a List of all people who got the result of the test on a specific date
    (Date of the result of the test) grouped by the test result value (First who got
    positive result, then who got negative result). The list must include First
    Name, Last Name, DOB, Phone Number and email address of the diagnosed
    person.
    15. Give a list of all workers in a specific facility.
    16. Give a list of all public health workers who tested positive on a specific date
    in a specific facility. In addition, provide a list of the employees who worked
    with the infected health workers for the period of fourteen days prior to the
    test. Use the date of the test taken by the infected health worker.
    17. For all regions, provide a report that include the region name, the number
    of people who have positive results, the number of people who have
    negative results and a history of alerts within a specific period-of- time.

6. snapshots of the websites